[wind gusting]
[roaring]
[sharp ringing]
[snarling]
[all snarling and roaring]
[roars]
[men yell]
[men scream]
[panting]
-[grunts]
-[shrieks]
[snaps fingers]
[creatures shriek]
What the fuck is going on?
What is this?
Are these Hector's night creatures?
-No.
-[metal squealing]
[snarling]
Come on then.
[bats chittering]
[footsteps approaching]
We're under attack?
By night creatures.
Hundreds of them.
Well, there's only one person
that could be.
We need to get you out of here.
And go where?
Somewhere safe.
I can't have you in harm's way.
I'm sorry, Lenore.
I honestly am.
But this is right where I need to be.
[wind rumbling]
Dantalion Presidio.
Hector, what are you doing?
I'm a wizard, remember?
Not to be trusted.
That was a very clever trick
that we don't have time for.
Never enough time in the end,
is there?
But time enough, I hope.
I don't have much time.
The calculations look correct,
but you want a second
gating mark to control the flow.
And don't trust Varney.
Good luck.
-If you'll excuse me...
-Ah...
I have to go and get killed now.
What the hell was that?
The mirror?
I got it from one of the mad
vampire wizards
you keep in the dungeons.
They're really very easily bribed.
I mean, and you know I mean,
what did you just do?
Oh. That.
Well, I've been conferring
with fellow scholars
on a way to bring Dracula back.
It seemed only fair,
since I got him killed in the first place.
And I laid a few traps
in here during the month,
because, well, you never know
when you're going to need
a good cage, do you?
You've gone mad.
[Hector] I've been mad.
This doesn't feel like that.
Maybe I've gone sane.
[footsteps approaching]
And here we are.
Hector.
Isaac.
[sizzling]
Leave her alone.
Is this not one of Carmilla's
ruling council?
If you're here to kill me, kill me.
But leave her alone.
She is not the threat here.
Are you the threat, Hector?
No.
Carmilla is.
Isaac, I've taken steps
to return Dracula to life.
I've done my part to atone
for all that has happened.
I'm done.
Take your revenge.
I hold no malice.
I am not here to kill you.
What?
You and I, Hector,
we have been children.
Revenge is for children.
It is our duty to grow up,
don't you think?
I...
I've tried to.
Good.
It is time to find our own way.
But I will ask a favor.
Yes?
This place has many
of your night creatures.
Command them to stand down.
[Hector] Ha.
I can't.
Ah.
Yes. Command and control flows
through me to Lenore here
and to her friends.
Hold on.
I used debris
from broken hammers
to make this while nobody
was looking.
I've been putting down
fenceposts for an escape channel
all through the castle
for weeks.
How far will this channel
take me?
[Hector] All the way up
to Carmilla's chambers.
I had to assume I might be running
from the top of the castle one day.
Place your intent upon it.
The command is "Ba'al Initium."
You have been busy.
Well, I needed a way out.
Carmilla intends to actually,
literally rule the world,
and I suspect the world
would find that bad for its health.
This one stays safe with me.
Carmilla, on the other hand,
should probably meet you.
I tend to agree.
But even if this device works,
it would take time to fight
through the creatures
you've made for her.
Can I borrow your knife?
[shouts]
[Hector grunting and groaning]
-[sighs]
-[sizzling]
I just cut off
Carmilla's command and control
over the night creatures.
Makes them easier to pick off.
[breathing heavily]
Thank you.
Just get it done.
Lady.
Fuck you!
[metal sizzling]
He's going to murder Carmilla.
[grunts]
[sighs] Yes, he is.
But not you.
Or me, it seems.
That was unexpected.
I don't really know what to do next.
[creature grunts]
Surround me!
Ba'al Initium.
Well done, Hector.
[men shouting]
[yells]
-[Carmilla grunting]
-[blade slicing]
[screams]
[yells]
[grunts]
[panting]
Is that Isaac?
The least interesting man
in Dracula's castle.
Hello, Carmilla.
Eat shit!
Is this about Dracula?
Hector's downstairs,
if you want someone to kill.
I've spoken to Hector.
Oh. I see.
The humans are sticking together.
I understand you have developed
some more ambitions.
I'm nothing but ambition.
I'm a queen.
This world belongs to me...
because the likes of you
never knew what to do with it!
[Isaac] I am not sure that
is the point of having a world.
What kind of druid bollocks is that?
An opinion I came to
after wandering the world
following your destruction of Dracula,
his army and his castle.
I never touched his fucking castle.
[chuckles softly]
So you've personally come
to Styria to kill me,
is that it?
I think the world would be
a better place without you, yes.
You can't be trusted.
I would always fear you
and your ambitions.
So, yes, I'm very much afraid
I have to kill you.
[grunts]
[yells]
[Carmilla yells]
[electricity crackles]
[gasps]
[Carmilla shrieks]
[screaming]
[groans]
Look at you all.
You're not big enough to kill me.
[sighs]
You're nothing.
You don't deserve my blood.
And when you die and go to hell,
I'll be there waiting for you...
with a sharp bloody stick
and the determination to find out
if you can die twice.
I am Carmilla of Styria,
and fuck you!
I win.
[explosion]
Did you feel that too?
[shudders]
Carmilla just died.
What do we do?
The castle is swarming
with night creatures.
Hector's monsters?
Not unless he could make
hundreds in a few days.
An invasion, and...
and they killed our Carmilla.
Do you think Lenore...?
If Carmilla is dead,
then Lenore certainly died first.
Should we retake the castle?
We don't know
what we'd be riding into.
I don't know if I have enough soldiers.
We can try.
But should we?
It's over, isn't it?
No. Not for us.
What are you thinking?
[Morana sighs]
The cities of the west sold me
quite a lot of soldiers
to guard Styria in our absence.
I presume they're all dead up there.
In a newly uncertain world,
those cities won't be fussy
about where they take
temporary reinforcements from.
It's simple commerce.
[Striga]
And after that?
What's the plan?
What if there isn't a plan?
What if it's just you and I?
I think...
[scoffs]
I think I might be all right with that.
Carmilla had plans.
Vampires always have plans, don't we?
Maybe it's just in our nature
to overreach,
grasp at too much at once,
try to drink everything.
Maybe that's why, in the end,
we win all the battles
but always lose the war.
Striga...
you and I?
It's not like we ever really
needed anything else.
You and I forever.
We ride west!
[horse whinnies]
[chomping and suckling]
[wind whistling]
[fire crackling]
Where's your vampire friend?
This structure has a basement.
She's down there for the moment.
How is your hand?
I may never play
the pipe organ again.
Did you ever?
No, but I might have wanted to.
Do we now ride to aid the return
of Dracula?
-No.
-What?
No.
But...
I've been working towards this
for weeks.
Of course you have.
You feel guilt.
You want redemption.
I want to mend my mistakes.
The mistakes you have suffered for.
That said, Hector,
you had no agency in those events.
You were manipulated.
You were used as a tool for leverage
by those who are truly responsible
for the end of Dracula.
You believe that?
I have had a lot of time
to put it all together
and think it all over.
Do you know, I've even
been talking to other people?
Actual living people?
Well...
mostly.
[scoffs]
You've changed.
I hope so.
I believe you have as well.
Let him sleep, Hector.
We were both mistreated
by the human world.
We were both admirers
of Dracula's intellect.
We both saw something bigger
than ourselves in him.
We both wanted to see
the world punished.
We can do more than that.
Dracula earned his rest.
We can and should move forward.
What do you want, Hector?
[Hector] I want to be left alone...
with Lenore.
I want to read, and make things,
and think.
That's all I really want now.
Then you shall have it.
What do you want, Isaac?
I have recently begun
to consider the future...
which has been a novelty for me,
because I never really thought I had one.
This is how they get us, Hector.
They convince us that there is no future.
There's only an eternal now...
and the best we can do
is survive until dawn
and then do it all again.
That's no way to live.
And I've discovered, to some surprise...
that I am interested in living.
I am interested
in building a way to live.
And I think I will start here.
I have come to wonder that perhaps Dracula
did not run things well.
Even before his wife died.
He lived in one long night,
and never the future.
I think perhaps he earned his rest...
and that we should not disturb it.
I will instead build something new
on all these old bones.
Something where people
can live for a future.
I'm going to live.